readme.md, before:

## FRScript

One day I decided to write a scripting language based on S-exprs with type checking and FRP functionality and a syntax frontend to avoid parens. Very early stage, will probaby be rewritten in another language eventually

## Usage

You can `require 'frscript'` and execute scripts using that, or you can start an interactive interpreter with:

    $ lua -e "require('frscript').context().interactive()"

## License

Copyright (c) 2013 tiffany

This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:

    1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be appreciated but is not required.

    2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original software.

    3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.

Commit message:

Update to rustpkg + rustc 0.9-pre (3a7337f)

readme.md, after:

## FRScript

One day I decided to write a scripting language based on S-exprs with type checking and FRP functionality and a syntax frontend to avoid parens. This is a WIP language, and not much is worked out yet.

## Usage - Rust Implementation

    $ rustc frscript.rc
    $ rustc -L. frsi.rs

## Usage - Deprecated Lua Implementation

You can `require 'frscript'` and execute scripts using that, or you can start an interactive interpreter with:

    $ lua -e "require('frscript').context().interactive()"

## License

Copyright (c) 2013 tiffany

This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:

    1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be appreciated but is not required.

    2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original software.

    3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.
